README.md, before:

# [Access to Memory](https://www.accesstomemory.org)

Developed and maintained by [Artefactual Systems](https://www.artefactual.com/)

AtoM (short for Access to Memory) is a web-based, open source application for
standards-based archival description and access. The application is
multilingual and multi-repository. First commissioned by the International
Council on Archives ([ICA](https://www.ica.org)) to make it easier for
archival institutions worldwide to put their holdings online using the ICA’s
descriptive standards, the project has since grown into an internationally
used community-driven project. Learn more at:

* https://www.accesstomemory.org

You are free to copy, modify, and distribute AtoM with attribution under the
terms of the AGPLv3 license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Installation

**Production installation**

AtoM is intended to be installed using a Linux-based operating system. We use
Ubuntu LTS releases in development and testing, but users have successfully
installed on other distributions as well.

* [Linux installation guides](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/admin-manual/installation/linux/linux/)

For other O/S installs, we recommend virtualization.

**Development environments**

If you want to install a local copy of AtoM for testing and/or development, we
maintain two development environments:

* [Docker](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/dev-manual/env/compose/)
* [Vagrant](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/dev-manual/env/vagrant/)

## Other resources

* [Website](https://www.accesstomemory.org) - the home of the AtoM project!
* [Documentation](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/) - where you'll
  find our User, Administrator, and Developer manuals. We version our manuals
  for each major release.
* [Wiki](https://wiki.accesstomemory.org/) - community and project resources,
  development documentation, release notes, and more.
* [User Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ica-atom-users) - Forum
  and mailling list for user questions (both technical and end-user),
  discussion, and more.
* [SlideShare](https://www.slideshare.net/accesstomemory) - where we upload
  all the slide decks from our conference presentations and training camps!
* [Paid support](https://www.artefactual.com/services/): Paid support,
  hosting, training, theming, data migrations, consulting, and software
  development contracts from Artefactual.

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the AtoM project! 

Please see our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more information.

Commit message:

COSCLOUD-218: apply fulltext indexing fix

README.md, after:

# [Access to Memory](https://www.accesstomemory.org)

Developed and maintained by [Artefactual Systems](https://www.artefactual.com/)

AtoM (short for Access to Memory) is a web-based, open source application for
standards-based archival description and access. The application is
multilingual and multi-repository. First commissioned by the International
Council on Archives ([ICA](https://www.ica.org)) to make it easier for
archival institutions worldwide to put their holdings online using the ICA’s
descriptive standards, the project has since grown into an internationally
used community-driven project. Learn more at:

* https://www.accesstomemory.org

You are free to copy, modify, and distribute AtoM with attribution under the
terms of the AGPLv3 license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Changes of this fork

Work is done on the branch `docuteam-patches`. This branch is currently based on v2.6.4.

### How to use
If you are updating an install, run `php symfony tools:apply-sql-patches` to apply custom SQL patches.

Otherwise, this can be used as is.

### Patches
- Application of https://github.com/artefactual/atom/pull/1569 to v2.6.4 and addition of custom SQL migrations

## Installation

**Production installation**

AtoM is intended to be installed using a Linux-based operating system. We use
Ubuntu LTS releases in development and testing, but users have successfully
installed on other distributions as well.

* [Linux installation guides](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/admin-manual/installation/linux/linux/)

For other O/S installs, we recommend virtualization.

**Development environments**

If you want to install a local copy of AtoM for testing and/or development, we
maintain two development environments:

* [Docker](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/dev-manual/env/compose/)
* [Vagrant](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/dev-manual/env/vagrant/)

## Other resources

* [Website](https://www.accesstomemory.org) - the home of the AtoM project!
* [Documentation](https://www.accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/) - where you'll
  find our User, Administrator, and Developer manuals. We version our manuals
  for each major release.
* [Wiki](https://wiki.accesstomemory.org/) - community and project resources,
  development documentation, release notes, and more.
* [User Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ica-atom-users) - Forum
  and mailling list for user questions (both technical and end-user),
  discussion, and more.
* [SlideShare](https://www.slideshare.net/accesstomemory) - where we upload
  all the slide decks from our conference presentations and training camps!
* [Paid support](https://www.artefactual.com/services/): Paid support,
  hosting, training, theming, data migrations, consulting, and software
  development contracts from Artefactual.

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the AtoM project! 

Please see our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more information.
